Improved Velocity Commands documentation (#46)
PaperMC/docs: docs/velocity/developers/api/command.md

    public HelloWorldPlugin(ProxyServer proxy) {
        this.proxy = proxy;
    }

    @Subscribe
    public void onProxyInitialize(ProxyInitializeEvent event) {
        this.createBrigadierCommand();
    }

    public void createBrigadierCommand() {
        LiteralCommandNode<CommandSource> helloNode = LiteralArgumentBuilder
            .<CommandSource>literal("test")
            // Here you can filter the subjects that can execute the command.
            // This is the ideal place to do "hasPermission" checks
            .requires(source -> source.hasPermission("test.permission"))
            // Here you can add the logic that will be used in
            // the execution of the "/test" command without any argument
            .executes(context -> {
                // Here you get the subject that executed the command
                CommandSource source = context.getSource();

                Component message = Component.text("Hello World", NamedTextColor.AQUA);
                source.sendMessage(message);

                // Returning 1 means that the execution was successful
                // Returning BrigadierCommand.FORWARD will send the command to the server

>                 return 1;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                return Command.SINGLE_SUCCESS;
```

        this.createBrigadierCommand();
    }

    public void createBrigadierCommand() {
        LiteralCommandNode<CommandSource> helloNode = LiteralArgumentBuilder
            .<CommandSource>literal("test")
            // Here you can filter the subjects that can execute the command.
            // This is the ideal place to do "hasPermission" checks
            .requires(source -> source.hasPermission("test.permission"))
            // Here you can add the logic that will be used in
            // the execution of the "/test" command without any argument
            .executes(context -> {
                // Here you get the subject that executed the command
                CommandSource source = context.getSource();

                Component message = Component.text("Hello World", NamedTextColor.AQUA);
                source.sendMessage(message);

                // Returning Command.SINGLE_SUCCESS means that the execution was successful
                // Returning BrigadierCommand.FORWARD will send the command to the server
                return Command.SINGLE_SUCCESS;
            })
            // Using the "then" method you can add subarguments to the command.

>             // For example, this subcommand will be executed when using the command "/test subcommand"

Author: At first I didn't understand what you meant by `Command`, but in a while I'll add it

>             // For example, this subcommand will be executed when using the command "/test subcommand"

Author: I have added the corresponding logic by means of a RequiredArgumentBuilder and documented the use of the VelocityBrigadierMessage (which would have served me personally long ago if I had known of its existence a long time ago)

            // For example, this subcommand will be executed when using the command "/test <some argument>"
            // A RequiredArgumentBuilder is a type of argument in which you can enter some undefined data
            // of some kind. For example, this example uses a StringArgumentType.word() that requires
            // a single word to be entered, but you can also use different ArgumentTypes provided by Brigadier
            // that return data of type Boolean, Integer, Float, other String types, etc
            .then(RequiredArgumentBuilder.<CommandSource, String>argument("argument", StringArgumentType.word())
                // Here you can define the hints to be provided in case the ArgumentType does not provide them.
                // In this example the names of all connected players are provided
                .suggests((ctx, builder) ->
                    // Here we provide the names of the players along with a tooltip,
                    // which can be used as an explanation of a specific argument or as a simple decoration
                    proxy.getAllPlayers().forEach(player -> builder.suggest(
                        player.getUsername(),

>                         // A VelocityBrigadierMessage receives as argument a component,
>                         // in this case the name of the player is provided with a rainbow
>                         // gradient thanks to MiniMessage (Library available since Velocity 3.1.2+)

Reviewer 2: I don't like my wording too much here either, but both "receives as argument a component" and the comma make this a bit hard to read. hopefully, this is better.
```suggestion
                        // A VelocityBrigadierMessage takes a component.
                        // In this case, the player's name is provided with a rainbow
                        // gradient created by MiniMessage (Library available since Velocity 3.1.2+)
```

                        VelocityBrigadierMessage.tooltip(

>                             MiniMessage.miniMessage().deserialize("<rainbow>"+player.getUsername())

Reviewer 2: Super minor, to match the style used elsewhere.
```suggestion
                            MiniMessage.miniMessage().deserialize("<rainbow>" + player.getUsername())
```

                        )
                    ))
                )
                // Here the logic of the command "/test <some argument>" is executed
                .executes(context -> {
                    // Here you get the argument that the CommandSource has entered.
                    // You must enter exactly the name as you have named the argument

>                     // and you must provide the class of the argument you expect, in this case... a String

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                    // and you must provide the class of the argument you expect, in this case, a String
```

Manager provides a meta builder via the `#metaBuilder(String alias)` method.

```java
package com.example.velocityplugin;

import com.google.inject.Inject;
import com.velocitypowered.api.command.BrigadierCommand;
import com.velocitypowered.api.event.Subscribe;
import com.velocitypowered.api.event.proxy.ProxyInitializeEvent;
import com.velocitypowered.api.plugin.Plugin;
import com.velocitypowered.api.proxy.ProxyServer;

@Plugin(id = "helloworld")
public final class HelloWorldPlugin {
    private final ProxyServer proxy;

    @Inject
    public HelloWorldPlugin(ProxyServer proxy) {
        this.proxy = proxy;
    }

    @Subscribe
    public void onProxyInitialize(ProxyInitializeEvent event) {
        CommandManager commandManager = proxy.getCommandManager();
        // Here you can add meta for the command, as aliases and the plugin to which it belongs (RECOMMENDED)
        CommandMeta commandMeta = commandManager.metaBuilder("test")

>             // This will create new alias por the command "/test"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            // This will create a new alias for the command "/test"
```

            // with the same arguments and functionality
            .aliases("otherAlias", "anotherAlias")
            .plugin(this)
            .build();

        // You can replace this with "new EchoCommand()" or "new TestCommand()"
        // SimpleCommand simpleCommand = new TestCommand();
        // RawCommand rawCommand = new EchoCommand();
        // The registration is done in the same way, since all 3 interfaces implement "Command"
        BrigadierCommand commandToRegister = TestBrigadierCommand.createBrigadierCommand(proxy);

>         // Finally...

Reviewer 2: Something like `Finally, register the command` might be better
